Ian Glazer is the Vice President for Identity Product Management, at Salesforce. His responsibilities include leading the product management team, product strategy and identity standards work. Mr. Glazer is also involved with major customer initiatives, briefs C-level executives, and coordinates industry-wide identity efforts.

Mr. Glazer was a research vice president and agenda manager on the Identity and Privacy Strategies team at Gartner, where he oversaw the entire team’s research. He arrived at Gartner by way of Gartner’s acquisition of the Burton Group. He led the team’s coverage for authorization and privacy; topics within these two main areas included externalized authorization management, XACML, federated authorization, privacy by design, and privacy programs. Other topics he researched included user provisioning, identity and access governance, access certification, role management, identity data quality, and national identity programs.

Mr. Glazer’s other work experience includes program management at a financial controls and governance, risk and compliance startup, director of identity strategy at a network-based admissions control company, and product management at IBM.

Mr. Glazer is the founder and president of IDPro, the professional organization for digital identity management. He has previously served as the Editor for the Identity Relationship Management Working Group. He was a founding member of the Management Council and Board of Directors for the US Identity Ecosystem Steering Group (IDESG) – the private-sector lead body described in the US National Strategy for Trusted Identities in Cyberspace.

During his decade plus time in the identity industry he has co-authored a patent on federated user provisioning, co-authored the Service Provisioning Markup Language (SPML) Version 2 specification, contributed to the System for Cross Domain Identity Management (SCIM) Version 2 specification, and is a noted blogger, speaker, and photographer of his socks.

Mr. Glazer graduated from the University of Pennsylvania cum laude with a Bachelors of Applied Science in Computer Science. He studied artificial intelligence at the University of Edinburgh. He currently resides in Washington DC.

